docs(README): Document secrets.yaml apply with an example (#26)
GitGuardian/nhi-scout-helm-charts: README.md

      # Run every minute
      schedule: '* * * * *'

# This needs to be created separately (read instructions below), and contain the following keys:

> # - `HASHICORP_VAULT_TOKEN` - the hashicorp vault token to use

Reviewer: we have `GITLAB_TOKEN` as well in the example, do we want to add it here and in the `Secret` below to remove any confusion?

# - `GITGUARDIAN_API_KEY` - the GitGuardian token to send results with
envFrom:
  - secretRef:
      name: gitguardian-nhi-scout-secrets
```

> To create or update the secrets, you directly use Kubernetes `secrets` API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create or update the secrets, you directly use Kubernetes Secrets API. 
```

> Create a file name `secrets.yaml` with the following content (replacing the values by your secrets):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a file named `secrets.yaml` with the following content (replacing the values with your secrets):
```
